Can't make up for it
Ah!
Beishan saved my life
I will not marry him
Are you pissing me off?
You lose money
your matchmaker
I have introduced you to so many dignitaries
You want to marry that poor boy Kubei Qian
Hit me for a few days
I won't kill you.
You can't fight anymore!
If you fight again, you will die. You get up
I will let you marry
In my parents' previous life, I knew people well
It caused the death of our neighbor
This life
I must stop doing housework for the Gu family
Dad
Mother Mute is back, oops.
Mute is back.
I heard about that.
Beichen, this kid is about to give birth to a wife and minister
You don't care about home anymore
What are we doing when Lao Beichen comes back to succeed Dading?
Father and mother
It's all right
Dad
Mother, I'll be back today
I want you to unite
All the famous families in Jinping City
Boycott Gu Beichen as Deputy City Lord
Jingyu, what nonsense are you talking about?
Dad
I want to divorce Gu Beichen
What did you just say?
I said I want to divorce Gu Beichen
Master, don't use your hands
Jingyun is not a child anymore
Jingyun, quickly apologize to your father
mother
I am divorced from this marriage
Leave me let you go
accept
So many young masters who are more suitable than you
You don't marry
Do you have to marry that poor little womb Beichen?
I have to lose face in front of the Zongshi family
now
I finally relied on the class of my Lin family
He, Gu Beichen, finally made it through
I didn't expect you to get a divorce
You are crazy
Honesty is because you want others to see your father's jokes.
I'll tell you what.
If you dare to divorce Gu Beichen
I don't have a father
Dad
Gu Beichen is a beast
I married him because I was blind
Such a scumbag
If you continue to help him
After he became the deputy city lord
He's going to kill our whole family. I'm his nonsense
I am his nonsense
He hit him
This man, mother
I heard that Beichen wants to take a concubine
But this man has three wives and four concubines
He's normal.
You can't throw a tantrum over such a trivial matter
Going for a divorce
Mother, I advise you that you are the main wife
He's a concubine
It won't ride on your head
mother
I know our Lin family is a famous family
My divorce will discredit our Lin family
But you are a girl